Make demand control GA (#5868)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_tninesling_make_demand_control_ga.md

> ### Make demand control GA ([PR #5868](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5868))
> 
> Renames the `preview_demand_control` feature to `demand_control`, and makes demand control docs more beginner-friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### General Availability (GA) of Demand Control ([PR #5868](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5868))

Demand control in the router is now a generally available (GA) feature.

**GA compatibility update**: if you used demand control during its preview, to use it in GA you must update your configuration from `preview_demand_control` to `demand_control`.

To learn more, go to [Demand Control](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/executing-operations/demand-control/) docs.
```
